TITLE#	FWD Vietnam - General Conditions for Purchase of Goods and Services


<style isBold='true'>1.   Definitions</style>
1.1.  “Buyer” means FWD Vietnam Life Insurance Company Limited (VAT Code: 0102631572) (“FWD”), who places the order by way of a purchase order and/or a contract.
1.2.  “Vendor” means the person, firm or company, who receives the Contract from FWD and confirms to sell, supply Goods/Services according to the terms and conditions specified in the Contract.
1.3.  “Goods” means the products, goods or items to be supplied by the Vendor which are the subject of a purchase order or contract.
1.4.  “Services” means work and/or other services to be supplied by the Vendor which are the subject of the Contract.
1.5.  “Contract” means contractual agreement, under the form of a purchase order or contract, as the case may be concluded and signed by authorised representatives of Buyer and Vendor, including terms and conditions therein and the documents (if any) incorporated by express reference in the Contract together with these General Conditons for Purchase of Goods and Services.

<style isBold='true'>2.  Application</style>
2.1.  These General Conditions for Purchase of Goods and Services, including its Annexes (“Conditions”) shall apply to and be incorporated into the Contract signed between the Vendor and FWD and form integral parts of the related Contract.
2.2.  In case of any discrepancy between the terms and conditions of Contract and theses Conditions, the terms and conditions of Contract shall prevail.

<style isBold='true'>3.  Order and Confirmation of Order</style>
3.1.  FWD may cancel the order if the Vendor has not confirmed acceptance of the order (confirmation) in writing within two weeks of receipt of the Contract.
3.2.  Any alterations, amendments or additions to the order shall only become a part of the Contract if FWD accepts such in writing. In particular, FWD is bound by the general terms and conditions of the Vendor only if FWD agrees to such in writing. The acceptances of deliveries or services as well as payments do not constitute such agreement.

<style isBold='true'>4.  Price, payment and invoice</style>
4.1.  Unless specifically agreed otherwise in the Contract, all prices are fixed and included applicable VAT, delivery and all other charges, including but without limitation to costs of transport, insurance and packing, taxes levies and fees attributed and/or attributable to the Vendor as the result of the supply of the Goods and/or Services. 
4.2.  Unless specifically agreed otherwise in the Contract, payment term shall be made within thirty (30) days after receipt of full Goods and/or Services and proper invoice.
4.3.  The period for payment shall commence as soon as any delivery or service is completed and a proper invoice is received. Insofar as the Vendor is required to provide material testing, test records or quality control documents or any other documentation, such shall be a part of the requirements of the completeness of the delivery or performance.
4.4.  FWD shall be entitled to set off or withhold any payment to a reasonable extent for reasons of deficiency. The period for payment shall commence after the complete rectification of any deficiency.
4.5.  FWD shall be entitled to set off against the price any sums owed to FWD by the Vendor
4.6.  All payment settled by FWD for the Goods and/or Services will be made via bank transfer.
4.7.  The order number or/and the contract number shall be detailed in invoices. Insofar as any such details are omitted, invoices shall not be payable 

<style isBold='true'>5.  Delivery</style>
5.1.  The Goods and/or Services shall be completely and correctly delivered on the date(s) (“Delivery Date”) at the rates and places specified in the Contract. FWD may delay or alter the Delivery Date, rates and places upon giving the Vendor reasonable notice in writing of such delay or alteration.
5.2.  The Vendor shall ensure that all Goods shall be packed so as to reach places of delivery undamaged and in good condition.
5.3.  It is responsibility of the Vendor to deliver Goods and/or Services on Delivery Date(s) as specified in the Contract. Where any delay in delivery or performance can be anticipated, the Vendor must notify FWD immediately. Failure to meet the Delivery Date shall constitute a breach of the contract. In such case, the Vendor shall pay to FWD penalty calculated at the rate of 0.1% of the total contract value of the Contract per each day of delay starting from the date of default until the actual delivery date of the delayed Goods or Services portion upto the maximum of 8% of total Contract. FWD may, but shall not be bound to, deduct such penalty, whether in whole or in part, from any money due from FWD to the Vendor under any Contract. 
The Vendor shall compensate for any and all direct losses or damages caused to FWD by such failure on delivery the Goods or Services.
5.4.  If the Vendor breaches its obligations under the Contract, including:
  -  failure to deliver Goods or Services in accordance with the their specifications stated in Contract; or 
  -  notifying FWD of a prospective failure to deliver by the Delivery Date and still fails to deliver Goods or Services after a reasonable period granted from FWD
then, FWD reserves the right to cancel the Contract or any part of it without charge or liability and the Vendor shall be liable a penalty due to breach of the Contract up to 8% of the Contract value as well as compensate for any loss, expense or additional cost incurred thereby, including but not limited to the right to purchase substitute Goods or Services elsewhere and claim from any third party.

<style isBold='true'>6.  Inspection upon receipt</style>
6.1.  The Vendor warrants that it has inspected and tested the Goods for compliance with the Contract prior to delivery and shall, if requested, supply FWD with such supporting documents.
6.2.  If the Goods and/or Services do not comply with the Contract, FWD shall within a reasonable time give notice of rejection to the Vendor. Without prejudice to any of its other rights, FWD may at its discretion require the Vendor to comply with the Contract by expeditiously replacing or repairing as appropriate any rejected Goods and rectifying or remedying any rejected Services. The rejected Goods shall be returned to the Vendor at its own risk and expense. All Services found to be defective, non-conforming or failing to meet any of the Vendor's warranties shall be completely re-performed at the Vendor's cost and expense. In urgent cases or if the Vendor is in default with its obligation to repair defects, FWD shall be entitled at the Vendor's cost and expense to take the necessary steps to repair such defects itself or to entrust a third party to do so. FWD shall inform the Vendor before such steps are taken. If prior notification is not possible, steps necessary to avert damage may in urgent cases be taken without any notification and in these cases, FWD shall notify the Vendor as soon as possible afterwards. The Vendor's warranty obligations remain unaffected, except where defects are attributable to the steps taken by FWD or a third party.
6.3.  FWD reserves the right (but shall not be obliged) to inspect or test the Goods or the Services at any stage before delivery and the Vendor shall give rights of access to premises and such facilities as FWD may reasonably require for such inspection.

<style isBold='true'>7.  Transfer of Risk, Title and Risk </style>
7.1.  Title to Goods and/or Services shall be transferred to Buyer free of any third party rights.
7.2.  For deliveries involving installation, commissioning or services, the transfer of risk and title to Goods occurs on acceptance and for deliveries not involving installation or commissioning, the transfer of risk and title to Goods shall be upon delivered to FWD at the designated place of delivery. 
7.3.  Each delivery shall include a packing note or delivery note with details of the contents as well as the complete order number. Notice of dispatch shall be provided immediately with the same information.
7.4.  If the transport is performed by a carrier commissioned by FWD, the Vendor will inform the carrier of the necessary data concerning dangerous goods in accordance with legal requirements.
7.5.  If FWD informs the Vendor that following the initial transport another transport with a different mode of transport is scheduled, the Vendor will also follow the relevant legal requirements concerning dangerous goods with regard to such on-going transport.
7.6.  The Vendor shall be liable for any expenses and/or damages incurred by FWD due to any breach of the obligations under this Clause 7, unless Vendor is not responsible for such breach.

<style isBold='true'>8.  Representations and Warranties</style>
8.1.  The Vendor represents and warrants that:
  -  It has all necessary permits and licenses to allow it to sell the Goods and/or Services to FWD, and that it has complied with all relevant laws, rules and regulations affecting its obligations and the performance of the Contract;
  -  Signatories of the Contract are authorized by the Vendor to respresent the Vendor in concluding the Contract with FWD;
  -  The bank accounts as advised by Vendor to FWD for payment process has been notified to the tax authorities that manage directly Vendor and shall indemnify FWD any tax liabilities and penalties collected/imposed by the tax authorities in relation to Vendor’s failure to notice. Such amount shall become payable within 10 days from the date of receipt of written notice from FWD. FWD shall provide Vendor with the decision on tax collection and penalties from the tax authorities in relation to the payment. This obligation survives after the termination of the Contract. 
8.2.  The Vendor warrants that all Goods are 100% brand new and do not contain any used or reconditioned parts or materials unless otherwise specified or approved by FWD.
8.3.  Unless otherwise specified in the Contract or statutory provisions provide longer periods, the Goods or Services under the Contract are warranted for 12 months from Delivery Date or 18 months from Goods/Services Acceptance Date – the Warranty Period.
8.4.  In case of defects are identified before or during Warranty Period, the Vendor shall, at its expenses and at the discretion of FWD, replace, repair or remedy the Goods or provide reperformance of services or replacement of deliveries within the reasonable time set by FWD. In addition, the expenses for transportation of the Goods to the place of repair and from the place of repair to the place of residence or the office of FWD shall also be at the Vendor. The Vendor shall bear the costs and risk related to the return of deficient Goods. This provision also applies to deliveries subject to inspection by sample tests. The discretion of FWD shall be exercised fairly and reasonably.
8.5.  If there is an identified defect is repaired or replaced, the Warranty Period for the Goods and/or Services shall be calculated from the date of acceptance of such repair or replacement by FWD.
8.6.  FWD shall be entitled to request the Vendor to compensate for damage caused by defects during Warranty Period unless the damage was due to FWD's fault.
8.7.  Should the Vendor fail to rectify (i. e. repair or replacement or reperformance) any deficiency within a reasonable time period set by FWD or immediately in order to avoid any liability of delay or for other reasons of urgency, FWD is entitled to:
  •  cancel the contract in whole or in part without being subject to any liability for damages; or
  •  demand a reduction in price; or
  •  undertake itself any repair at the expense and risk of the Vendor; or
  •  reperformance of services or replacement of deliveries or arrange for such to be done; and
  •  claim damages caused by defects.

<style isBold='true'>9.  Indemnity</style>
9.1.  The Vendor shall fully indemnify FWD and its assigns, subcontractors and customers from and against any claims, liabilities, actions, damages, loss, cost and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs on an indemnity basis):
  -  sustained by FWD and its assigns, subcontractors and customer or for which FWD and its assigns, subcontractor and customers may be liable as a result of the Vendor’s breach of or failure to perform its obligations under the Contract; and
  -  resulting from death, injury, loss or damage to persons or property caused or contributed by the negligence, act, default or omission of the Vendor, its employees, sub-Vendor (if permitted) or agent.
9.2.  The Vendor accepts liability for all other claims, liabilities, actions, demand, loss, damage, cost s and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs on an indemnity basis) incurred by FWD and its assigns, subcontractors and customers and which is attributable to negligence, act, default or omission on the part of the Vendor, its employees, subcontractors (if permitted) or agents or resulting from or in connection with the furnishing of the Goods or Services by the Vendor or otherwise arises or results from a breach of the Contract.

<style isBold='true'>10.  Intellectual Property Rights</style>
  The Vendor warrants that the Goods and/or the Services to not violate or infringe any patents, copyright, trademark, trade secrets, service marks, registered designs, design rights or other intangible property rights of third parties (“Intellectual Property Rights”)
  The Vendor shall fully indemnify FWD and its assigns, subcontractors and customers from and against any claims, liabilities, actions, demand, damages, loss, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal costs on an indemnity basis) in respect of any alleged or actual infringement by any of the Goods or Services of any intellectual property right including but not limited to patents, copyright, trademarks, service marks, registered designs, design rights or other third party rights and the Vendor shall at its own costs and expenses defend or settle all such claims or actions or proceedings brought or threatened to be brought against FWD.
  Without prejudice to any of the foregoing, if any of the Goods and/or Services is held or claimed to be infringing third party intellectual property rights, the Vendor shall at its own cost and expense use its best efforts to procure the right for FWD to continue using or receiving the infringing Product and/or Services. If the Vendor is unable to do so, then the Vendor undertakes at its own costs and expenses to:
  (i)  replace or modify the infringing Product, or remedy the Services expeditiously so that it is no longer infringing; or
  (ii)  if the Vendor is unable to replace or modify the infringing Product and/or remedy the Services, refund in full all payments make by FWD for the infringing Product and/or Services and reimburse FWD upon demand for all additional loss, costs and expenses incurred by FWD in purchasing any substitute Goods and/or Software or Services.
  FWD shall own all intellectual property rights arising from modifications and customizations of the Goods and/or Software, or the Services, made by Vendor for FWD, or by FWD itself. FWD reserves all its rights in drawings and in goods produced according to its instructions as well as in any processes developed by it.
  All intellectual property in the works carried out under the Contract is hereby assigned and shall vest in FWD absolutely. This includes any copyright or design rights, which will vest in and become the property of FWD as and when such rights come into existence.

<style isBold='true'>11.  Termination</style>
11.1.  FWD shall be entitled to cancel the Contract in respect of all or part only of the Goods or Services by giving notice to the Vendor at any time prior to delivery, in which event FWD shall pay a fair and reasonable sum for and accept delivery of all finished Goods manufactured by the Vendor and Services properly rendered at the date of cancellation.
11.2.  The Contract shall be automatically liquidated upon the Parties have fulfilled its obligations under the Contract.
11.3.  FWD shall be entitled to terminate the Contract forthwith without liability to the Vendor by giving notice to the Vendor at any time if:
  (i)  the Vendor is in breach of the Contract and, in the case of a breach capable of remedy, fails to remedy the breach within 14 days of being notified of the breach in writing; or
  (ii)  the Vendor becomes subject to any proceedings under any bankruptcy or insolvency law. In this case, the Vendor should immediately inform FWD by written notice; or
  (iii)  in case of Force Majeure as stated in Clause 12.

<style isBold='true'>12.  Force Majeure</style>
A Party will not be liable to the other for any delay in or failure to perform its obligations as a result of any cause beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, acts of terrorism, acts of war or threat thereof, power failure resulting from fires, explosions and other acts of God, infectious diseases or epidemics. The Vendor shall notify FWD immediately upon learning of any event which may result in any delay and possible consequence for performance of the Contract. 
If such event lasts for more than 03 months, either Party shall be entitled to terminate one or whole part of the Contract. In such event, no Party shall have any claim against the other.

<style isBold='true'>13.  Subcontracting To Third Parties</style>
The Vendor shall not, either in whole or in part, subcontract or assign any rights, duties or obligations under the Contract, or any claims for any debt owed by FWD to the Vendor under the Contract unless FWD gives its prior written consent, such consent to be signed by its authorised representatives, to such assignment or subcontract. 

<style isBold='true'>14.  Confidentiality</style>
14.1.  The Vendor shall treat as confidential all information supplied by FWD or lawfully obtained from FWD, unless prior written consent to divulge the same has been obtained. This shall not apply to information that has rightfully become public knowledge and to the record of supply of Vendor, which serves Vendor to promote its sales activities. Insofar as FWD agrees to any subcontracting to a third party, such third party shall agree to such terms in writing.

<style isBold='true'>15.  Corporate Responsibility in the Supply Chain</style>
15.1.  Vendor shall comply with the principles and requirements of the "Code of Conduct for FWD’ Vendors" attached hereto as Annex 1 (hereinafter the “Code of Conduct”). Vendor shall provide FWD upon reasonable request with proof of such compliance.
15.2.  Vendor shall inform FWD immediately in the event of its non-compliance with the Clause 15.1 above. Should either allegations of the Vendor’s non-compliance with the above Clause 15.1 or other claims which threaten to endanger FWD’ reputation become public, e.g. by way of media coverage, Vendor shall provide a written statement, immediately upon FWD’ request, concerning Vendor’s non-compliance or the allegations made.
15.3.  In addition to other rights and remedies FWD may have, and without liability to Vendor, FWD may terminate any Contract issued thereunder by giving written notice to the Vendor with effect from the date specified in the termination notice in case of Vendor fails to comply with its obligation specified in Clause 15.1.

<style isBold='true'>16.  Governing Law and Dispute Resolution</style>
16.1.  The Contract shall be governed and construbed in accordance with the laws of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam prevailing at the time of signing of the Contract.
16.2.  Unless otherwise specified in the Contract, any disputes or discrepancies in connection with the Contract, which cannot be settled amicably between the Parties within 30 days from its occurrence, either Party shall be entitle to bring such dispute to the Vietnam International Arbitration Center for settlement according to its Rules. The seat of arbitration shall be Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; the language to be used in the arbitration proceedings shall be English. Where the Contract is concluded in both English and Vietnamese and in case of in consistency between English and Vietnamese version, English version shall prevail. The language to be used in the arbitration proceedings shall be English.
16.3.  The arbitration fees for settling disputes and/or other charges shall be borne by the losing party.

BREAK_PAGE#	
TITLE#	ANNEX 1 - CODE OF CONDUCT


This Code of Conduct defines the basic requirements placed on FWD’ Vendors concerning their responsibilities towards their stakeholders and the environment. FWD reserves the right to reasonably change the requirements of this Code of Conduct due to changes of the FWD Compliance Program. In such event, FWD expects the Vendor to accept such reasonable changes

The Vendor declares herewith: 
  •  To comply with the laws of the applicable legal systems.  
  •  To tolerate no form of and not to engage directly or indirectly in any form of corruption or bribery and not to grant, offer or promise anything of value to a government official or to a counterparty in the private sector to influence official action/decision or obtain an improper advantage.
  •  To act in accordance with national and international competition laws and not to participate in price fixing, market or customer allocation, market sharing or bid rigging with competitors; 
  •  To respect the intellectual property rights of others. 
  •  To avoid all conflicts of interest that may adversely influence business relationships.
  •  To respect the basic human rights of employees
      -  to promote equal opportunities for and treatment of its employees irrespective of skin color, race, nationality, social background, disabilities, sexual orientation, political or religious conviction, sex or age; 
      -  to respect the personal dignity, privacy and rights of each individual; 
      -  to refuse to employ or make anyone work against his will; 
      -  to refuse to tolerate any unacceptable treatment of employees, such as mental cruelty, sexual harassment or discrimination; 
      -  to prohibit behavior including gestures, language and physical contact, that is sexual, coercive, threatening, abusive or exploitative;
      -  to provide fair remuneration and to guarantee the applicable national statutory minimum wage; 
      -  to comply with the maximum number of working hours laid down in the applicable laws; 
  •  To employ no workers under the age of 16 
  •  To take responsibility for the health and safety of its employees; to control hazards and take the best reasonably possible precautionary measures against accidents and occupational diseases
  •  To act in accordance with the applicable statutory and international standards regarding environmental protection

The Vendor shall notify and request its sub-Vendors or sub-contractors who may be involved in implementation of the Contract to comply with this Code of Conduct.

